repulsor engines they'll pull you it
okay
August 4th 2009 10 p.m. approximately we
just finished production on our very
first machine it's much much like a
podracer we basted entirely off Anakin
Skywalker's off the movies yeah it's the
same chariot style like George Lucas
design in all the movie this thing is
powered from power these are the
controls yeah it's got the control
modules there's that's a control module
later type to control harnesses on
either side our few minutes we'll give
her a fire up it's a twin repulsor
engine design its weight we took two
engines off of all that what is this
here all right yeah the spec sheet shows
that are based on our design we have the
power ratio that's pretty great for the
engines that we have this many say it's
not a possible machine to make but look
at this design you actually get a view
from the front of this yeah that's
that's our design
I'm where I am wearing the sins of
knowing I start that up
alright quite powerful actually we
should probably stand back
if he's gonna fire it up we got to
stroll this thing running are you gonna
start it up
we took took two Honda Civic engines
mounted it on the front made them jet
capable wait dude maybe try the other
one yeah yes we just give it a second
try or something
ah yeah
I don't know if you just saw that it
just fell apart yeah we got some bug's
to work out I guess but there you have
it right oh yeah that's that's a nice
machine
we gotta alright yeah as you can tell
there's a few bugs that we need to work
out still as it's still pretty much a
prototype many people said this can't be
done we I think we're the closest that
anyone's ever been to making a real life
podracer
how does it feel
I think I just died there's no wheels
man